Moving Mail sender to EWS v2 (#24532)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnPremise/Integrations/EWSv2/README.md

> Exchange Web Services (EWS) provides the functionality to enable client applications to communicate with the Exchange server. EWS provides access to much of the same data that is made available through Microsoft OfficeOutlook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange Web Services (EWS) provides the functionality to enable client applications to communicate with the Exchange server. EWS provides access to much of the same data that is made available through Microsoft Office Outlook.
```

The EWS v2 integration implants EWS leading services. The integration allows getting information on emails and activities in a target mailbox, and some active operations on the mailbox such as deleting emails and attachments or moving emails from folder to folder.

> Note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:**
```

EWS v2 does not support Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA).

If using MFA, use EWS O365 (see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/ewso365) 

or if you have Graph Outlook use O365 Outlook Mail (Using Graph API) (see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/microsoft-graph-mail)

or O365 Outlook Mail Single User (Using Graph API) (see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/microsoft-graph-mail-single-user).

> ## EWS v2 Playbook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## EWS v2 Playbooks
```

- Office 365 Search and Delete
- Search And Delete Emails - EWS
- Get Original Email - EWS
- Process Email - EWS

## Use Cases

> - The EWS integration can be used for the following use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EWS integration can be used for the following use cases:
```

- Monitor a specific email account and create incidents from incoming emails to the defined folder.

> Follow the instructions in the Fetched Incidents Data section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in the [Fetched Incidents Data](#fetched-incidents-data) section.
```

- Search for an email message across mailboxes and folders.
  This can be achieved in the following ways:
  - Use the ```ews-search-mailboxes``` command to search for all emails in a specific scope of mailboxes. Use the filter argument to narrow the search for emails sent from a specific account and more.

>   - Use the ```ews-search-mailbox``` command to search for all emails in a specific folder within the target mailbox.Use the query argument to narrow the search for emails sent from a specific account and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use the ```ews-search-mailbox``` command to search for all emails in a specific folder within the target mailbox. Use the query argument to narrow the search for emails sent from a specific account and more.
```

>   - Both of these commands retrieve the *ItemID* field for each email item listed in the results. The```ItemID``` can be used in the ```ews-get-items``` command in order to get more information about the email item itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  Both of these commands retrieve the *ItemID* field for each email item listed in the results. The```ItemID``` can be used in the ```ews-get-items``` command in order to get more information about the email item itself.
```

>   - For instance, use the ```ews-search-mailboxes``` command to hunt for emails that were marked as malicious in prior investigations, across organization mailboxes. Focus your hunt on emails sent from a specific mail account, emails with a specific subject and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For instance, use the ```ews-search-mailboxes``` command to hunt for emails that were marked as malicious in prior investigations, across organization mailboxes. Focus your hunt on emails sent from a specific mail account, emails with a specific subject and more.
```

    | DOMAIN\USERNAME (e.g. DEMISTO.INT\admin) | False |
    | Exchange Server Version (On-Premise only. Supported versions: 2007, 2010, 2010_SP2, 2013, and 2016) | False |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) | False |
    | ┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉┉<br/>‎                                         Advanced Mode<br/>Override Authentication Type (NTLM, Basic, or Digest). | False |
    | Timeout (in seconds) for HTTP requests to Exchange Server | False |
    | Max incidents per fetch | False |
    | Run as a separate process (protects against memory depletion) | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Fetched Incidents Data
The integration imports email messages from the destination folder in the target mailbox as incidents. If the message contains any attachments, they are uploaded to the War Room as files. If the attachment is an email, Cortex XSOAR fetches information about the attached email and downloads all of its attachments (if there are any) as files.

To use Fetch incidents, configure a new instance and select the ```Fetches incidents``` option in the instance settings.

> IMPORTANT: The initial fetch interval is the previous 10 minutes. If no emails were fetched before from the destination folder- all emails from 10 minutes prior to the instance configuration and up to the current time will be fetched. Additionally moving messages manually to the destination folder will not trigger fetch incident. Define rules on phishing/target mailbox instead of moving messages manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** The initial fetch interval is the previous 10 minutes. If no emails were fetched before from the destination folder, all emails from 10 minutes prior to the instance configuration and up to the current time will be fetched. Additionally, moving messages manually to the destination folder will not trigger a fetch incident. Define rules on phishing/target mailbox instead of moving messages manually.
```

You can configure the ``First fetch timestamp`` field to determine how much time back you want to fetch incidents.

> Notice that it might required to set the ``Timeout`` field to a higher value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that it might require you to set the ``Timeout`` field to a higher value.
```

Pay special attention to the following fields in the instance settings:

> ```Email address from which to fetch incidents``` – mailbox to fetch incidents from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ```Email address from which to fetch incidents``` – mailbox to fetch incidents from.
```

> ```Name of the folder from which to fetch incidents``` – use this field to configure the destination folder from where emails should be fetched. The default is Inbox folder. Please note, if Exchange is configured with an international flavor `Inbox` will be named according to the configured language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ```Name of the folder from which to fetch incidents``` – use this field to configure the destination folder from where emails should be fetched. The default is Inbox folder. Please note, if Exchange is configured with an international flavor, `Inbox` will be named according to the configured language.
```

> ```Has impersonation rights``` – mark this option if you set the target mailbox to an account different than your personal account. Otherwise Delegation access will be used instead of Impersonation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ```Has impersonation rights``` – mark this option if you set the target mailbox to an account different than your personal account. Otherwise Delegation access will be used instead of Impersonation.
```

> Find more information on impersonation or delegation rights at ‘Additional Info’ section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find more information on impersonation or delegation rights in the  [Additional Information](#additional-information) section below.
```
